Fix Nokia G-010S-P and Nokia G-010S-A MTD changing layout (#62)
hack-gpon/hack-gpon.github.io: _ont/ont-nokia-g-010s-p.md

- {:.text-red-200 } DpOptics D23446    
- {:.text-red-200 } Photonics SPS-34-24T-HP-TDFO

> Turning a [Nokia G-010S-A](/ont-nokia-g-010s-a) into a Nokia G-010S-P is possible by changing layout from mtd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Nokia G-010S-A](/ont-nokia-g-010s-a) can be flashed with the Nokia G-010S-P firmware, provided the MTD layout has been changed beforehand to match the new one.
```
